(bright piano music)
Starting over is hard
because all of my dreams and goals have had to shift.
Going through a divorce,
everything kind of gets turned on its head.
Now it's just you.
You are the one making the financial decisions
for your family,
from the little decisions, like going to the grocery store,
to wondering if I'm ever going to be able
to own a home someday.
As I've gone through this process,
BECU was incredibly helpful,
making sure that I could track down the financial documents
that I needed or to open an account with my new name.
I'm really proud of how far I've come,
how I've been able to rebuild for myself and my family,
and BECU is an important part of that.